RSDK-4033, RSDK-4043 - Add simple module example, streamline arm example + other updates (#369)
viamrobotics/viam-python-sdk: examples/simple_module/README.md

# VIAM Simple Module Example
This example goes through how to create custom modular resources using Viam's python SDK, and how to connect it to a Robot.

This is a limited document. For a more in-depth understanding of modules, see the [documentation](https://docs.viam.com/program/extend/modular-resources/).

## Purpose

> Modular resources allows you to define custom components and services, and add them to your robot. Viam ships with many component types, but you're not limited to only using those types -- you can create your own using modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modular resources allow you to define custom components and services, and add them to your robot. Viam ships with many component types, but you're not limited to only using those types -- you can create your own using modules.
```

> For more information, see the [documentation](https://docs.viam.com/program/extend/modular-resources/). For a more complex example, take a look at the [complex module example](https://github.com/viamrobotics/viam-python-sdk/tree/main/examples/complex_module), which only contains multiple new APIs and custom resource models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the [documentation](https://docs.viam.com/program/extend/modular-resources/). For a more complex example, take a look at the [complex module example](https://github.com/viamrobotics/viam-python-sdk/tree/main/examples/complex_module), which contains multiple new APIs and custom resource models.
```
It's more complex so 'only' seems off

## Project structure
The definition of the new resources are in the `main` file of the `src` directory.

The `main.py` file contains the definition of a new sensor model and then registers it. It then creates and starts a module. This file is called by the `run.sh` script, which is the entrypoint for this module. Read further to learn how to connect this module to your robot.

> Outside the `src` directory, there is the `client.py` file. This can be used to test the module once it's connected to the robot. You will have to update the credentials and robot address in that file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Outside the `src` directory, there is a `client.py` file. You can use this file to test the module once you have connected to your robot and configured the module. You will have to update the credentials and robot address in that file.
```

> ## How to use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configuring and using the module
```

These steps assume that you have a robot available at [app.viam.com](app.viam.com).

> The `run.sh` script is the entrypoint for this module. To connect this module with your robot, you must add this module's entrypoint to the robot's config. For example, this could be `/home/viam-python-sdk/examples/simple_module/run.sh`. See the [documentation](https://docs.viam.com/program/extend/modular-resources/#use-a-modular-resource-with-your-robot) for more details.

Reviewer: Is that correct?

> The `run.sh` script is the entrypoint for this module. To connect this module with your robot, you must add this module's entrypoint to the robot's config. For example, this could be `/home/viam-python-sdk/examples/simple_module/run.sh`. See the [documentation](https://docs.viam.com/program/extend/modular-resources/#use-a-modular-resource-with-your-robot) for more details.

Author: changed `your file` to the `entrypoint file`, but ya, that's correct
